README.md, before:

# Packet Distribution Load Balancer

Load balancing of packet distribution system that emulates a packet-filtering firewall.

## Background

This is some text. Talk about different strategies, locks, workload (i.e. what the different parameters are). Talk about the different tests and experiments.

## Setup and Usage

Run `make` in the command line to have the makefile create two executables: `main` and `test`. `main` represents the actual program responsible for dispatching work, spawning threads, maintaining queues and locks, etc., whereas `test` allows the user to run (trials of) various customizable unit tests and experiments that all make use of the `main` executable and output human-readable data. While it is possible to run the load-balancer program directly via `main`, it is preferable to do so through the `test. Build and run the `test` program as shown below:

```
$ make
$ ./test -t <testNo>
```

There are numerous other arguments that can be supplied, but `testNo` (used to specify a specific test *or* experiment) is the only one absolutely required for the program to run successfully. In most cases, all parameters needed for any particular test/experiment have default values; these can be altered by passing them as additional command line arguments. Malformed or missing arguments to either program will fail to run the program and instead output instructive messages on proper usage. Run `test` with a single `-h` argument to see all argument options.

Run `make clean` to remove all object files and executables once you are done using the program(s).
Note that the efficiency/speedup of parallelizing work distribution/processing suffers when *threads* > *cores*. You can check the number of core(s)/CPU(s) you have on your system by running `nproc`.  
## Known Bugs

- Tests 3 and 4 (timedParallelTest and timedStrategyTest) have yet to be implemented. Attempting to run either test will do nothing, rather than throw an error.
- The workSteal strategy is a work in progress, and is hence faulty, likely resulting in non-termination (in which case, invoke `CTRL+C`). The workSteal strategy can technically be invoked directly via `main` and indirectly via `test` (through the workStealSpeedup experiment), but this is inadvisable.

Commit message:

updated README text, added sample output photos

README.md, after:

# Packet Distribution Load Balancer

Load balancing of packet distribution system that emulates a packet-filtering firewall.

## Background

This is some text. Talk about different strategies, locks, workload (i.e. what the different parameters are). Talk about the different tests and experiments.

## Setup and Usage

Run `make` in the command line to have the makefile create two executables: `main` and `test`. `main` represents the actual program responsible for dispatching work, spawning threads, maintaining queues and locks, etc., whereas `test` allows the user to run (trials of) various customizable unit tests and experiments that all make use of the `main` executable and output human-readable data. While it is possible to run the load-balancer program directly via `main`, it is preferable to do so through `test`. Build and run the testing program as shown below:

```
$ make
$ ./test -t <testNo>
```

There are numerous other arguments that can be supplied, but `testNo` (used to specify a specific test *or* experiment) is the only one absolutely required for the program to run successfully. In most cases, all parameters needed for any particular test/experiment have default values; these can be altered by passing them as additional command-line arguments. Malformed or missing arguments to either program will fail to run the program and instead output instructive messages on proper usage. Run `test` with the `-h` argument to see all correct command-line arguments/options.

Run `make clean` to remove all object files and executables once you are done using the program(s).
Note that the efficiency/speedup of parallelizing work distribution/processing suffers when *threads* > *cores*. You can check the number of core(s) (i.e. CPUs) you have on your system by running `nproc`. **The main and test programs can take a while (i.e. several minutes) to complete execution, especially when running multiple trials or inputting parameters that stress the system -- please allow the programs ample time (within reason) to finish.**

## Sample Output

![Contiguity Test Output](sample_output1.jpg)

![IdleLockOverhead Test Output](sample_output2.jpg)

## Known Bugs

- Tests 3 and 4 (timedParallelTest and timedStrategyTest) have yet to be implemented. Attempting to run either test will do nothing, rather than throw an error.
- The workSteal strategy is a work in progress, and is hence faulty, likely resulting in non-termination (in which case, use `CTRL+C`). The workSteal strategy can technically be invoked directly via `main` and indirectly via `test` (through the workStealSpeedup experiment), but this is inadvisable.
